DOCS-2500 / 27 / Docs 2500 update Updating Truenas (#4545)
truenas/documentation: static/includes/ManualUpdates.md

&NewLine;

> Manual update files are available from the [TrueNAS Download page](https://www.truenas.com/download-truenas-scale/). Use this option to install a specific build directly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Manual update files are available from the [TrueNAS Download page](https://update-public.sys.truenas.net/). Use this option to install a specific build directly.
```

Author: ```suggestion
Manual update files are available from the [TrueNAS Download page](https://www.truenas.com/download-truenas-scale/) and [Update Downloads](https://update-public.sys.truenas.net/). Use this option to install a specific build directly.
```
